
1) O que eh IA?

What is Machine Learning?

Two definitions of Machine Learning are offered. Arthur Samuel described it as: "the field of study that gives computers the ability to learn without being explicitly programmed." This is an older, informal definition.

Tom Mitchell provides a more modern definition: "A computer program is said to learn from experience E with respect to some class of tasks T and performance measure P, if its performance at tasks in T, as measured by P, improves with experience E."

Example: playing checkers.

E = the experience of playing many games of checkers
T = the task of playing checkers.
P = the probability that the program will win the next game.

In general, any machine learning problem can be assigned to one of two broad classifications:
Supervised learning and Unsupervised learning.



2) Aonde IA eh usada hoje em dia?



3) Classificacoes de problemas de aprendizado de maquina

# Aprendizado supervisionado

- Regression problem: o objetivo eh prever um valor continuo de saida, como por exemplo, prever o preco
  de uma casa com base em seu tamanho, tendo em maos valores e tamanhos de outras casas vendidas.
- Classification problem: o objetivo eh prever um valor discreto de saida, como por exemplo, classificar se
  um cancer eh benigno ou maligno, tendo como base suas caracteristicas.

  Just a quick wrap up question. Suppose you're running a company and you want to develop learning 
  algorithms to address each of two problems. 
  In the first problem, you have a large inventory of identical items. 
  So, imagine that you have thousands of copies of some identical items to sell, 
  and you want to predict how many of these items you sell over the next three months. 
  In the second problem, problem two, you have lots of users, and you want to write software to 
  examine each individual of your customer's accounts, so each one of your customer's accounts. 
  For each account, decide whether or not the account has been hacked or compromised. 
  So, for each of these problems, should they be treated as a classification problem or as a 
  regression problem? 

  For problem one, I would treat this as a regression problem because if I have thousands of items, well, 
  I would probably just treat this as a real value, as a continuous value. 
  Therefore, the number of items I sell as a continuous value. 
  For the second problem, I would treat that as a classification problem, 
  because I might say set the value I want to predict with zero to denote the account has not 
  been hacked, and set the value one to denote an account that has been hacked into. 
  So, just like your breast cancers where zero is benign, one is malignant. 
  So, I might set this be zero or one depending on whether it's been hacked, and have an algorithm 
  try to predict each one of these two discrete values. 
  Because there's a small number of discrete values, I would therefore treat it as a 
  classification problem.